add VR blog post (#73)
OceanParcels/virtualship_website: src/posts/VRheadsetNIOZ/index.md

---
title: 'VR headset for NIOZ’s library'
date: '2026-05-22'
authors:
  - name: Gonçalo Albergaria
    github: GoncaloAlbergaria
summary: 'VirtualShip delivers a VR heaset to NIOZ'
---

Yesterday, 21 May 2026, our team travelled from Utrecht to deliver to NIOZ Texel a Meta Quest S3 headset containing the VR/360° educational videos developed within VirtualShip.

> After meeting with several departments, Emma Daniels, post doc, and Gonçalo Albergaria, research officer, wrapped up the outing on a celebratory note, meeting Daan van Loon, a staunch defender of Open Science and the institute’s librarian, to bestow the library with a VR headset and VirtualShip explanatory booklet.

Reviewer: This would be clearer in my opinion

```suggestion
After meeting with several departments, Emma Daniels (Postdoc) and Gonçalo Albergaria (Research Officer) wrapped up the outing on a celebratory note, meeting Daan van Loon, a staunch defender of Open Science and the institute’s librarian, to bestow the library with a VR headset and VirtualShip explanatory booklet.
```
